# Sp22
# Facial and Vocal Mapping of Headphones
# For this project, we plan on creating a headphone system that can recognize facial expressions and respond to the user’s needs according to the user’s facial expressions. The motivation behind this idea is to create a system that can recognize a user’s reaction to music and adjust according to the user’s requests because of the reaction. Oftentimes, people spontaneously grimace when dissatisfied with a music selection. This system will be intelligent enough to recognize the user’s facial expression in order to cater to the user’s needs. If the user is listening to music and then reacts with a grimace to the music, the system will be able to detect the user’s negative facial expression and ask the user if he/she would want to skip the current selection and move on to the next one. For example, the system may say something like, “You seem dissatisfied with the current selection, would you like to skip it?” Afterwards, the user will be able to use voice control and follow through with a “yes” or “no” command to tell the system to either continue with the current selection or to skip it. If the user doesn’t respond with a valid “yes” or “no” response, the system will be able to respond with, “I’m sorry. I didn’t quite understand what you said there.” Afterwards, it will just repeat the original question again. Lastly, if the user doesn’t respond at all after a certain amount of time, the system will just ask the question again, and the process will just keep on repeating if the user continues to not answer.
